Notes and Ideas about Artificial Intelligence!

	TODO: Future Implementations and Ideas.

		*Add strategic give up so that the the AI would stop pursuing and
		objective that is either out of reach or that the competitor will
		certainly get to first.

		*Add strategic speed boost: If competing for an objective make the
		ai use its energy levels intelligently so that it can be used under
		the right circumstances. Example: If going through an area which
		affects health. If a boost would allow it to reach objectives which
		the competitor is pursuing before the competitor does, etc.

	TODO: Fixes and Improvements.

		*Add a logical stationary tail that the snake could follow. The current
		methodology is faulty due to how the tail mechanic works.
		*Adjust the teleporation thereshold for the top side of the map. The
		teleportation cell intersects the top edge teleportation trigger.

		*Create a logical snake replica of the actual snake. The logical snake will travel the returned
		path and then attempt to create a path to the tail. If a path to the tail is found. The path
		is then considered safe. If the path is not safe then chase the tail taking the longest path or
		a path that visits as many cells as possible on the way.

		*If a path to tail is not found find the cell which is farthest away from the
		current objective and take the longest path to that cell. Pursuit the path until
		a safe path to the objective can be made. Another stradegy is to find a cell which
		will lead to an available path to the tail. This may be achieve in various ways. Finding
		a path to a cell which is farthest from the tail, or a path to a cell which is farthest
		from the head. If the previous stradegies fail a serial search to a randomized list
		of edge cells can be made. The search can first be to a random edge cell and if unsuccssesful
		we can then search for the farthest cell to that given cell.

		*Note that if chossing a far cell or a random cell the cell must meet
		certain requirements. The requirements are as follows. A path to the tail
		must be available from said objective.

